🚀 RELEASE: v0.0.10 (#33)
executablebooks/sphinx-thebe: docs/changelog.md

# Changelog

## v0.0.10 - 2021-08-24

([full changelog](https://github.com/executablebooks/sphinx-thebe/compare/v0.0.9...e18d1bf94a8fa79476f035a349bd63d03bba83e7))

This is a minor release to conditionally load the JS on pages that have a "launch button".
This will save some load time on non-interactive pages.

### Enhancements made

> - ✨ IMPROVE: Conditionally load  on pages [#30](https://github.com/executablebooks/sphinx-thebe/pull/30) ([@choldgraf](https://github.com/choldgraf))

Author: ```suggestion
- Option to conditionally load on pages, see [documentation for details](https://sphinx-thebe.readthedocs.io/en/latest/configure.html#only-load-js-on-certain-pages) [#30](https://github.com/executablebooks/sphinx-thebe/pull/30) ([@choldgraf](https://github.com/choldgraf))
```
